 All customers will receive a complimentary travel case with their purchase of any men's cologne... :)

Once call me sir. I am waiting for you. Meeting u is my work. . . Tell me when shall i do my work tomorrow From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke No 

you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)

The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P. Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!! 

HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x

If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) 

gud nyt Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng

What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already? Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. 

As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set ?

I'm leaving my house now... Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ? 

Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)

Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address. Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao...  What time you coming down later?  

Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m...  Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.

Hi :)finally i completed the course It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool. How are you doing? 

Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day Gud mrng dear hav a nice day

Did u got that persons story is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt?  Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit 

but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. xxx Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?

I sent you bucks Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .

Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights. Easy ah?sen got selected means its good.. I have to take exam with march 3

Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready. no prob. Take ur time. 

There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop.. Sorry, I'll call later

U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh. Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to. Hey company elama po mudyadhu.

Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .Dear good morning now only i am up Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; st

Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better. Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched... 

U don't remember that old commercial? Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers